Updating the build guide with instructions for coq-lsp (#274)
runtimeverification/vlsm: BUILDING.md

Choose "y" in order to allow opam to modify `~/.profile`.

> ### <a name="switch-creation"></a>Install a switch for opam

Reviewer: GitHub Markdown already automatically gives you an anchor name based on the header content, in this case it's `#install-a-switch-for-opam`.

Author: Ah, I didn't know. I'll fix it now.

- [the **VsCoq** extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=maximedenes.vscoq)
- [the **Fast Unicode Math Characters** extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=GuidoTapia2.unicode-math-vscode)

> As an alternative to **VsCoq**, you can use [the **coq-lsp** extension](https://coq.discourse.group/t/ann-coq-lsp-0-1-7/1996). This extension requires Coq 8.17.1 version, so in order to use it, you will need to create a dedicated opam switch and install the project's dependencies on it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative to **VsCoq**, you can use [**coq-lsp** extension](https://github.com/ejgallego/coq-lsp). This extension requires Coq 8.17.1 version, so in order to use it, you will need to create a dedicated opam switch and install the project's dependencies on it:
```
